Explanation of the reduce function
TL;DR
The reduce function is used to transform an array into a single value. It takes a callback function and an initial value 
as arguments, and returns the final value obtained by applying the callback function to each element of the array.
Explanation
The reduce function is a higher-order function that is used to transform an array into a single value. It takes two 
arguments: a callback function and an initial value. The callback function takes two arguments: an accumulator and a 
current value. The initial value is used as the initial value of the accumulator.
The reduce function applies the callback function to each element of the array, in order, and updates the accumulator 
with the result of the callback function. The final value of the accumulator is returned as the result of the reduce 
function.
In the given code, the reduce function is used to transform an array of user objects into an object that maps user 
names to user ages. The reduce function takes a callback function that takes two arguments: an object and a user 
object. The initial value of the object is an empty object {}. The callback function updates the object by adding a 
property to it with the user's name as the key and the user's age as the value. The updated object is then returned as 
the new accumulator.
The reduce function is called on the users array, and the result is stored in the usersObj variable. The 
console.log function is then called to log the usersObj object to the console.
The output of the code will be an object that maps user names to user ages:
{ John: 34, Amy: 20, camperCat: 10 }

Possible bugs

If the users array is empty, the reduce function will throw an error.
If the users array has duplicate names, the reduce function will overwrite the previous value with the new value.

Possible improvements

Use the hasOwnProperty method to check if the object has a property before adding it.
Use the Object.fromEntries method to create the object instead of using the reduce function.

References

Array.prototype.reduce()
